#OSI Model:

1.  Application:  
        Its implemented in software.
        It contains Applications (web, browser, etc).
        This layer facilitates the communication with applications running on other computers.
        
2.  Presentation Layer:
        The presentation layer supports message formatting and encryption.
        
        Appliaction Layer passes the data to presentation layer (for example messages in messaging app). And this data will be in words, numbers, etc which will 
        be converted into machine level language which is binary. Before data get transfered here the data will be encrypted and encoded, so it is only readble 
        by the person whom it was sent to. It also provides abstraction.
        
        Presentation layer thinks that when it is transfered it will be taken care by session layer.
        Data here will also be compressed so it is easy to transfer.
 
 3. Session Layer:
        The session layer manages all phases of a session, including setup, in-process control functions and message takedown, and supports concurrent transmission 
        of multiple bidirectional messages.
        
        Session Layer protocol helps in setting up and managing the connections and it enabled sending and receiving the data followed by termission of the connected 
        sessions.
        Authentication, Autherization will be done and session will be created for transfering the data.
 
 4. Transport Layer:
        The transport layer facilitates error recovery and reorders data packets that are in the wrong sequence.
        
        To make sure the data transfer with protocols UDP and TCP.
        Data will be segregated into segments(small data units). This segment will contain source and destination port numbers and with sequence number. Sequence 
        number helps to reassembles the segments in correct order.
        
 5. Network Layer: 
        The network layer determines how messages move across a network, such as end-to-end movement of data packets using logical addresses.
        
        This is where the router lives here. 
        Function: Logical addressing. Load Balancing, routing protocals happens here.
        
 6. Data link Layer: 
        The data link layer defines how data is transferred over a connecting link.
        
        MAC is a unique, 12-character alphanumeric attribute that is used to identify individual electronic devices on a network. An example of a MAC address 
        is: 00-B0-D0-63-C2-26.
        
 7. Physical Layer: 
        In the physical layer, devices such as a local area network or router physically link to a network.
        
        Which contains physical stuff like cables and wires.
